Module 1: Website Management

Create the Website model and migration.
Implement CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations for websites.
Define relationships with other models (Posts, Subscribers).
Module 2: Post Management

Create the Post model and migration.
Implement CRUD operations for posts, associated with specific websites.
Define relationships with websites and subscribers.
Module 3: Subscriber Management

Create the Subscriber model and migration.
Implement CRUD operations for subscribers.
Define relationships with websites and received posts.
Module 4: Subscription Management

Create the Subscription model and migration.
Implement functionality to subscribe/unsubscribe users to/from websites.
Define relationships between users, websites, and subscriptions.
Module 5: Post Subscription and Email Notifications

Create the PostSubscription model and migration.
Implement functionality to notify subscribers about new posts (consider using Laravel queues).
Ensure that no duplicate notifications are sent.
Define relationships between posts, subscribers, and notifications.
Module 6: User Authentication (Optional)

Set up user authentication using the built-in Laravel authentication system.
Link authenticated users (User model) to subscribers (Subscriber model) if necessary.
Ensure that only authenticated users can perform certain actions (e.g., subscribe to websites).
Module 7: API Endpoints

Create RESTful API endpoints for website, post, subscriber, and subscription management.
Document the available APIs, their usage, and validation rules (optional but recommended).
Module 8: Command to Send Email Notifications

Implement an Artisan command to send email notifications to subscribers for new posts.
Use Laravel's queue system for scheduling and dispatching email notifications.
Module 9: Seeded Data (Optional)

Optionally, seed the database with sample data for websites, subscribers, and posts to facilitate testing and development.
Module 10: Caching (Optional)

Implement caching where applicable to optimize database queries and improve application performance.
Module 11: Events/Listeners (Optional)

Use Laravel's event/listener system to handle specific events within your application.
You can start with Module 1 and work your way through the subsequent modules. Each module can be developed and tested independently, making it easier to troubleshoot and ensure that your application functions as expected. If you have any specific questions or need assistance with a particular module, please feel free to ask.




/* Migration */
php artisan db:seed --class=WebsiteSeeder
